Now with the additional knowledge about how navigation were extended has is a stack of pages at its
core.
It makes much more sense to see the content of our app age HTML file.
Did you wonder why we only have to is strange I a naff component in there.
Well I N.F. is a built in component.
I want two ships with and that is true for any components starting with I-N dash.
So what I N.F. does is it initialize a stack of pages initialises is ironic too to NAF controller a
class eye on two ships with which is responsible for managing our stack of pages.
This is why an app module were bootstrapping ionic app and not our own root component and why we instead
pass our own root component to ionic module because ionic AB ironic too in the background needs to set
up days stack of pages needs to initialize this app and adust is in its own code in its own module in
its own component and our component is only passed in and it.
Well police initialized navigation and very importantly initialize it with this route page were binding
the root property on the i n f component and repassing in a property which holds the page which should
be the root page of our application because if you have a stack of pages which decides which page you
are currently viewing.
Well you obviously need to have a bottom page one page at least which is the page you are viewing at
the start.
And this is the so-called root page.
Now this property is set up and the app component and you can see it points to the home page.
The only page we have is the default setup.
And this is how the navigation stack is set up at the beginning.
And how ironic to knows which page to display at the point of time we start Yep well with that knowledge
it will be of course more interesting to add more pages to the app and see how we can navigate around.
Lets do this in the next Electra's